{\rtf \li0 \fi0 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa240 Abu Zohair, L.M. (2019) Prediction of Student\uc0\u8217{}s performance by modelling small dataset size. {\i{}International Journal of Educational Technology in Higher Education}. [online].  16 (1), p.27. Available from: https://doi.org/10.1186/s41239-019-0160-3 [Accessed 14 May 2023].\
Al Mayahi, K. and Al-Bahri, M. (2020) {\i{}Machine Learning Based Predicting Student Academic Success}In: {\i{}2020 12th International Congress on Ultra Modern Telecommunications and Control Systems and Workshops (ICUMT)}. [online]. 2020 12th International Congress on Ultra Modern Telecommunications and Control Systems and Workshops (ICUMT) 264\uc0\u8211{}268.\
Blankers, M., Koeter, M.W.J. and Schippers, G.M. (2010) Missing Data Approaches in eHealth Research: Simulation Study and a Tutorial for Nonmathematically Inclined Researchers. {\i{}Journal of Medical Internet Research}. [online].  12 (5), p.e54. Available from: http://www.jmir.org/2010/5/e54/ [Accessed 22 March 2023].\
Bujang, S.D.A., Selamat, A., Ibrahim, R., Krejcar, O., Herrera-Viedma, E., Fujita, H. and Ghani, N.A.Md. (2021) Multiclass Prediction Model for Student Grade Prediction Using Machine Learning. {\i{}IEEE Access}. [online]. IEEE Access 9, pp.95608\uc0\u8211{}95621.\
\uc0\u8216{}English indices of deprivation 2019\uc0\u8217{} (no date) {\i{}GOV.UK}. [online].  Available from: https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/english-indices-of-deprivation-2019 [Accessed 29 May 2023].\
Flanagan, B., Majumdar, R. and Ogata, H. (2022) Early-warning prediction of student performance and engagement in open book assessment by reading behavior analysis. {\i{}International Journal of Educational Technology in Higher Education}. [online].  19 (1), p.41. Available from: https://doi.org/10.1186/s41239-022-00348-4 [Accessed 27 March 2023].\
Fraley, C. and Raftery, A.E. (2002) Model-Based Clustering, Discriminant Analysis, and Density Estimation. {\i{}Journal of the American Statistical Association}. [online].  97 (458), Taylor & Francis, pp.611\uc0\u8211{}631. Available from: https://doi.org/10.1198/016214502760047131 [Accessed 8 March 2023].\
G\uc0\u233{}ron, A. (2022) {\i{}Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow} 3rd ed. O\uc0\u8217{}Reilly Media, Inc.\
Ghosh, A. (2006) {\i{}On optimum choice of k in nearest neighbor classification} [online].  Available from: https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/On-optimum-choice-of-k-in-nearest-neighbor-Ghosh/604b32f6aac14f23b786e4da561af9cea766c3d3?p2df [Accessed 7 March 2023].\
{\i0{}Harris, C.R. {\i{}et al.}} (2020) Array programming with NumPy. {\i{}Nature}. [online].  585 (7825), pp.357\uc0\u8211{}362. Available from: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-020-2649-2 [Accessed 18 May 2023].\
Hashim, A.S., Awadh, W.A. and Hamoud, A.K. (2020) Student Performance Prediction Model based on Supervised Machine Learning Algorithms. {\i{}IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering}. [online].  928 (3), IOP Publishing, p.032019. Available from: https://dx.doi.org/10.1088/1757-899X/928/3/032019 [Accessed 14 May 2023].\
Hiran, K.K., Khazanchi, D., Vyas, A.K. and Padmanaban, S. (2021) {\i{}Machine Learning for Sustainable Development} Walter de Gruyter GmbH & Co KG.\
Jayaprakash, S., Kathiresan, V., Shanmugapriya, N. and Dadhich, M. (2021) Opportunities and challenges in transforming higher education through machine learningIn: {\i{}Machine Learning for Sustainable Development}. [online].  Walter de Gruyter GmbH & Co KG, 17\uc0\u8211{}30. Available from: https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=Lo89EAAAQBAJ&lpg=PA17&dq=machine%20learning%20predicting%20higher%20education%20applicant&lr&pg=PA17#v=onepage&q=machine%20learning%20predicting%20higher%20education%20applicant&f=false.\
Kuzilek, J., Hlosta, M. and Zdrahal, Z. (2017) Open University Learning Analytics dataset. {\i{}Scientific Data}. [online].  4 (1), Nature Publishing Group, p.170171. Available from: https://www.nature.com/articles/sdata2017171 [Accessed 18 May 2023].\
{\i{}Machine learning in higher education | McKinsey}. (no date) [online].  Available from: https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/education/our-insights/using-machine-learning-to-improve-student-success-in-higher-education [Accessed 26 March 2023].\
Moubayed, A., Injadat, M., Shami, A. and Lutfiyya, H. (2020) Student Engagement Level in an e-Learning Environment: Clustering Using K-means. {\i{}American Journal of Distance Education}. [online].  34 (2), Routledge, pp.137\uc0\u8211{}156. Available from: https://doi.org/10.1080/08923647.2020.1696140 [Accessed 14 May 2023].\
Murphy, K.P. (2022) {\i{}Probabilistic Machine Learning: An introduction} [online].  MIT Press. Available from: probml.ai.\
Newland, D.B. (2017) Learning Analytics in UK HE 2017.\
\uc0\u8216{}Open University\uc0\u8217{} (2023) {\i{}Wikipedia}. [online].  Available from: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Open_University&oldid=1157323102 [Accessed 29 May 2023].\
Oqaidi, K., Aouhassi, S. and Mansouri, K. (2022) Towards a Students\uc0\u8217{} Dropout Prediction Model in Higher Education Institutions Using Machine Learning Algorithms. {\i{}International Journal of Emerging Technologies in Learning (iJET)}. [online].  17 (18), pp.103\uc0\u8211{}117. Available from: https://online-journals.org/index.php/i-jet/article/view/25567 [Accessed 14 May 2023].\
Orji, F. and Vassileva, J. (2020) {\i{}Using Machine Learning to Explore the Relation Between Student Engagement and Student Performance}In: {\i{}2020 24th International Conference Information Visualisation (IV)}. [online]. 2020 24th International Conference Information Visualisation (IV) 480\uc0\u8211{}485.\
Pallathadka, H., Wenda, A., Ramirez-As\uc0\u237{}s, E., As\uc0\u237{}s-L\uc0\u243{}pez, M., Flores-Albornoz, J. and Phasinam, K. (2023)\uc0\u8216{}Classification and prediction of student performance data using various machine learning algorithms\uc0\u8217{} {\i{}Materials Today: Proceedings}.{\i{}SI:5 NANO 2021} [online].  80, pp.3782\uc0\u8211{}3785. Available from: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221478532105241X [Accessed 14 May 2023].\
{\i0{}Pedregosa, F. {\i{}et al.}} (2011) Scikit-learn: Machine learning in Python. {\i{}Journal of Machine Learning Research}. 12, pp.2825\uc0\u8211{}2830.\
Pojon, M. (2017) Using Machine Learning to Predict Student Performance. [online].  Available from: https://trepo.tuni.fi/handle/10024/101646 [Accessed 14 May 2023].\
S, S. (2020) Supervised Machine Learning Modelling & Analysis For Graduate Admission Prediction. 7.\
Sekeroglu, B., Dimililer, K. and Tuncal, K. (2019)\uc0\u8216{}Student Performance Prediction and Classification Using Machine Learning Algorithms\uc0\u8217{}In: {\i{}Proceedings of the 2019 8th International Conference on Educational and Information Technology}.{\i{}ICEIT 2019} [online].  New York, NY, USA, Association for Computing Machinery, 7\uc0\u8211{}11. Available from: https://doi.org/10.1145/3318396.3318419 [Accessed 14 May 2023].\
Shilinh, A. and Zhezhnych, P. (no date) Development of a Procedure for Forming Recommendations to Updating the University\uc0\u8217{}s Variable Courses Based on Their Indicator of Selection Trends.\
Shilinh, A., Zhezhnych, P. and Shakhovska, N. (no date) Algorithm for Forming the Offer of Educational Services by Higher Education Institutions to Improve the Technology of Processing Educational Content by Potential Entrants.\
Team, T.P.D. (2023) {\i{}pandas-dev/pandas: Pandas} [online].  Zenodo. Available from: https://zenodo.org/record/3509134 [Accessed 18 May 2023].\
Yadav, S.K., Bharadwaj, B. and Pal, S. (2012) {\i{}Mining Education Data to Predict Student\uc0\u8217{}s Retention: A comparative Study} [online].  arXiv. Available from: http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.2987 [Accessed 14 May 2023].\
Ya\uc0\u287{}c\uc0\u305{}, M. (2022) Educational data mining: prediction of students\uc0\u8217{} academic performance using machine learning algorithms. {\i{}Smart Learning Environments}. [online].  9 (1), p.11. Available from: https://doi.org/10.1186/s40561-022-00192-z [Accessed 14 May 2023].\
Zub, K. and Zhezhnych, P. (no date) Performance Evaluation of ML-based Classifiers for HEI Graduate Entrants.\
}